# A1 - urule

Our goals is to create a social network that allows users to create new relationships, making it easier to share moments with friends, and connecting people in a fun way.

Our Business would be inserted into the public environment, and, just like how many other services are provided by the government, our platform would be funded by the people it serves. 
 
Overall, the project motivation is making a social network that is not intended to maximize engagement in order to increase revenue, but instead a public and more interesting space for users. The Stakeholders in this project would be our users, the government and us.

The social network will allow you to register a new account, or login into an existing one, however, you can use the website without being authenticated.	

There will be three access groups: **Unauthenticated User**, which consists of the non-authenticated users, **Regular** which groups the regular authenticated users, and **Admin**, a privileged group with all **Regular** permissions and a few special ones (i.e., deleting comments, banning users).

Regardless of your authentication status, you will be able to search for people (by name) or posts (date / content) from the social network. Authenticated **Users** will also be able to: Edit their profile, Create public or private posts with web links or images, Comment posts, Befriend other users, Organize their friends into different groups, Create rules that comments have to follow on your thread, Delete their own comments or posts, Appraise posts and comments.

User profiles will consist of their recent posts, as well as some editable personal info, such as name, profile photo and description.


## Revision history

20/02/2020 - First Submission: Created Artifact 1  
26/02/2020 - Revision: Restructured document, changed access group names slightly changed requirements.

***
GROUP2046, 19/02/2020

* Alexandre Carqueja, up201705049@fe.up.pt (Editor)
* Daniel Brandao, up201705812@fe.up.pt 
* Henrique Santos, up201706898@fe.up.pt 
* Pedro Moas, up201705208@fe.up.pt 

